# UIC-bot

UIC chatbot is a loyal attendant created to serve both the UIC students and the UIC office workers with its best. UIC chatbot has been developed to answer the students’ inquiries with accuracy and specificity. It could be considered as an integrated question and answer assistant for it has incorporated the dispersed information into a single database with precise categorization. The aforementioned precise categorization is taken into effect by including both category buttons and free-format dialogue into the chatbot. Thus, its users could benefit from saving the time to search for the answers to such time-consuming questions on their own and from obtaining the more accurate response to what they have inquired.

The UIC chatbot framework was built using Flask and uses KakaoTalk Plus Friend as its platform. Since UIC chatbot uses KakaoTalk Plus Friend as its platform, it is accessible to even the most technologically ignorant users in regard to the fact that KakaoTalk is the most prevalent messenger platform in Korea. The chatbot includes important information that students need such as regulations and add and drop periods. A question that can be answered in a succinct manner is provided with an answer while a question that needs a lengthier answer is connected with the relevant url for students’ information.

The UIC chatbot provides answers to the questions in various ways to provide updated and reliable answers: real time web crawling, GitHub and database. ‘Yonsei notice’ and ‘UIC’ websites are crawled in real time to provide students with updated information such as student service, academic affair and career information. The degree requirement is uploaded as a pdf file in GitHub and connected with the chatbot. This allows the students to search their degree requirements according to their class and major in a much faster manner.

There are three types of database connected to the UIC chatbot using sqlite. (1) The first database stores the questions that the user asked but could not be answered. The UIC office can use the database to learn which parts to alter within the chatbot and add answers to the unanswered questions. (2) Database that stores the user’s activity while using the chatbot. For every activity that user engages in, their own key, button that they pressed and the time the activity was done are saved in the database. Using this information, it is possible to perform analysis regarding user behavior patterns. (3) Contact database that stores all the UIC professors and staffs’ contact information. This allows users to find the contact information they need faster and in a more efficient manner. To give a clearer example on how the UIC chatbot utilizes the database, let’s say that the user requested Professor Keeheon Lee’s contact information. The server will access the database and retrieve the appropriate contact information every time it is requested.
